docs: update note about accessing tech (#7141)
videojs/video.js: docs/guides/player-workflows.md

## Accessing the Tech on the player

> The tech on the player can be accessed by passing any argument into the `tech()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tech on the player can be via `tech()`. Passing any argument will silence the warning that is logged.
```
